For TASA:

This device, as I understand, was written for an ANSI-compliant printer. 
So there may have been many TASA printers, or there may have been none.

The key to TASA is to remember that the first column is not part of the document,
but is instead used for carriage control. Thus, in counting columns, the first column 
should be ignored. This can be difficult at first, because the most common first
column character is the space character, indicating a newline 1 -- that is, indicating\
that this line's text is to be place one line further down on the paper. If used with 
text, "newline 2" would produce double-spacing (with one blank line between each
text line), and "newline 3" triple-spacing (with two blank lines between each
text line). They are also used to represent 2 or 3 blank lines compactly.

The carriage control characters are:

+ indicates newline 0
  indicates newline 1
0 indicates newline 2
- indicates newline 3
1 indicates newpage

for WHELP:

This is not actually about WHELP as such. This is about WHELP as used by our docs --
that is, with "file whelp" on the command line, which processes "whelp.opt" and so 
includes "whelplay.gml" which in turn includes "whelp.gml". The net result is a list
of fonts that does not match the default fonts declared by the device, definitions of
a host of symbols and redefinitions of a lot of tags -- and some very visible effects 
on the output text that can be hard to analyse should a diff between our wgml and 
wgml 4.0 appear.

The fontstyles, of course, are defined in the driver, but those that produce font 
names are only used with the font list in "whelp.opt".

These are the symbols defined in "whelp.gml". They are emitted for the guidance of
whelplay.exe:

rsxon   √   rsxoff  ¥   rsctx   ˜   rstpc   Ó   rslnk      rsdfn   Í  
rslsti  ”   rslsts  “   rslste  ‘  rsslsts ’   rsslste ÷   rsolsts »   
rsolste …   rssdl      rsedl   À  rsdt    Ã   rskw    Ï   rshln   ß
rshnln  ¯   rspar   û   rsxoffb ü   rsup †      rsbmp   ∞  rsbxon  €  
rsbxof  ˛   rsddesc π   rsspace ˇ rstbxmp ™   rsflnk  Ë   
Note: rsup doesn't print for some reason; it corresponds to a numeric value of 160.

The next tables are intended to help identify which font is being used by examining
the specialized output associated with the various font styles.

This shows, for each font defined in "whelp.opt", the fontstyle:
font 0  plain   font 1  bold    font 2  bold    font 3  ibold   font 4  xmp   font 5  xmp
font 6  xmp     font 7  plain   font 8  bold    font 14 size12  font 15 head5   font 16 head6
font 20 symbol  font 40 uline
Note: "plain" is not actually defined; rather, the generated default is used
The missing fonts, if used, will all become font 0
The BOX block declares "mono01" as its font, so the fonstyle will be "plain"
The UNDERSCORE block is not defined, so the default is used, and the font is font 0

Recognizing a font style involves two different sets of output: basic and extended.

The basic font styles follow this pattern
1) the prefix:  Ô<style>Ô
2) the text
3) the suffix:  
where <style> is one of:
bold    b   italic  i   ulbold  ub  usbold  sb  uline   u   uscore  s
ibold   ib  index   b   head5   b   head6   b   mono    b
depending, as shown, on the fontstyle.

The extended font styles follow this pattern:
1) special prefix:  <fontname><fontwidth>
2) normal prefix (if used)
3) the text
4) normal suffix (if used)
5) special suffix:  ùhelv10
Note that they all return to "helv10"; "helv10", then, would appear to be font 0.
ùThese font styles can be distinguished by the special prefix:
head5   helv12ù       head6   helv10ù      xmp     courier12ù      symbol  symbol10ù
mono    courier10ù    size12  helv12ù      size14  helv14ù         size16  helv16ù
size18  helv18ù       size20  helv20
Note that not all font styles which are defined are actually in use.
It is possible that WHELP once used a wider range of font styles.

